# Revenue-Prediction
This repository provides the code for revenue prediction for upcoming semesters at a private university. The data and output from the code is hidden. The notes below describe the code files used for prediction.

## FY 21 Faculty Set Up
This Jupyter Notebook cleans the faculty data for FY18, FY19, FY20, and FY21. Each year's data is cleaned at the uniqueness level of Term, Instructor ID, and Course ID. The duplicates are dropped while keeping the college and department information that capture the revenue net of scholarships. 

## FY 21 Revenue Set Up
This Jupyter Notebook cleans the revenue data at the Term, Student ID, and Course ID level for FY18 through FY20. The FY21 data is set up without the revenue data which is to be predicted. It creates two datasets - One which captures revenues from each student and the other that captures student features for predictions. 

## Merge and Test Set Up
This file merges the faculty and student data at Term and Course ID level to attribute revenues generated by each faculty member. The file also reassigns revenues not attributed to any faculty member and distributes it across all the courses. The output files include a Net Tuition Revenue file to calculate net tuition revenue per credit and a training data set for FY18 through FY20 to predict revenues for FY21. 

## Predictions
Predictions uses random forest and linear regressions to predict revenues for FY21. The predictions uses fall term enrollments as a basis for final revenues in the previous years. Training the data for three years based on student and course features, this file predicts FY21 revenues based on enrollment data for Fall 2020. After comparisons between linear regressions and random forest, we choose random forest as the best predictive model.
